When Togo-san was taken to Amagi-san in Izuno after the Nichiro War,
the story of the old lady's hand of a small stone was told,
and the story of handing over the Tani River was quite rare,
but I also met a story similar to that.
It was in February of the 5th year of the Taisho period,
when Togo-san was taught by the Emperor of Koutai.
He walked with me and passed through the pine forest in Numazu.
Then, an old man's caravan came with a lot of bricks in a cart,
and one of the bricks fell into the road and couldn't move.
The old man was wearing a
heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy
heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy
I will do it. I will do it. The
adventure that was lowered is entangled in my feet and I don't care if I'm about to fall, I finally jump into the car and
I'm a little suspicious of the future, but I put out the power of the
holding together and pushed the car's trace in a mess, and it seemed to move.
The
vehicle was sorry, sorry, and I went over there with my head down.
Mr. Togo also saw it with a happy face and said, no, it was a great job.
It is a death that has been said to me.
At that time, my panic was a guy who called Mr. Togo, a guy who pushed the car, and I thought it was strange to see it next to me.
I think it was.
As expected, Mr. Togo, who is serious, always speaks out when the story of this time comes out.
In this way, Mr. Togo is not only strong in the war, but also a very good person as a human being.